# Workflow, a plugin for Movable Type

* Authors: Six Apart
* Copyright: 2006-2010 Six Apart Ltd.
* License: GPL
* Site: <http://www.movabletype.org/>


## Overview

The workflow plugin is designed for users of Movable Type who require
fine-grained control over which authors may publish content.


## Requirements

* MT 4.x


## Features

Workflow allows you to grant publishing permission to only the authors you
choose (editors), while other authors (contributors) may only save entries as
drafts. Once satisfied with their entries, contributors can transfer their
entries to an editor who may then publish the entry to the blog.


## Documentation

Workflow steps are defined on a per-blog basis right now.  To see the list,
open up the 'Manage' menu and select 'Workflow.'  New steps are always created
at the end of the workflow.  Steps can be associated with roles or authors.
When transferring an object to the next step, a new owner will be chosen by
selecting the user (from the list of users associated with the next step) whose
most recent workflow status change is oldest (i.e. one who hasn't made any
changes in the longest time).


### Entry Transfer

To transfer an entry to another author, simply click the "Transfer ownership of
this entry" link at the bottom of the edit entry page for an existing entry.
Then select the author to whom you wish to transfer the entry and click the
"Transfer" button.


### Publish Control

To enable the publish control feature of Workflow for a particular blog, click
the "Edit Publish Permissions" link at the bottom of the main page for the
blog. A number of options will be presented. Selected the most appropriate one
for your setup and click the "Define Permissions" button.

To administer the publish permissions, assuming the current author has
permission to grant publish permission, simply click the "Edit Publish
Permissions" link at the bottom of the main page for a blog that has been setup
for use with Workflow. Select the checkboxes to reflect the permissions desired
and click the "Update Permissions" button to save the selections.


### Template Tags

Workflow provides template tags that provide access to the original author of
an entry (determined the first time an entry is transferred). For each
`MTEntryAuthor*` tag that Movable Type provides, Workflow provides a
corresponding `MTEntryCreator*`.


## Installation

1. Move the `Workflow` plugin directory to the MT `plugins` directory.
2. Move the `Workflow` mt-static directory to the `mt-static/plugins` directory.
3. Move all of the `.php` files in the php directory to the `php` directory.

Should look like this when installed:

    $MT_HOME/
        plugins/
            Workflow/
                [plugin files here]
        mt-static/
            plugins/
                Workflow/
                    [plugin static files here]
        php/
            [plugin PHP files here]


## TODO

* Add transformer callback to insert entry creator column into entry listings.
* Add transformer callback to alter the entry status dropdown in the entry edit
  page (to what? remove Scheduled? change "Published" to "Finished" for folks
  who cannot publish?).
* Clean up old unused cruft.


## Support

This plugin is not an official Six Apart release, and as such support for this
plugin is not available.
